listen this is one of those netflix
movies where they just threw darts at a
board for ideas
it feels like they went to the store got
a bunch of ingredients that they needed
after looking at a dozen of other better
recipes that they liked then they just
threw it in the microwave on high
if every streaming service is trying to
stretch out their content then it makes
sense that netflix wants to like
maximize their profits through other
outlets like it's funny that we can't
explain movies
uh because netflix is busy explaining
their own films but as netflix starts
buying out
opinions let me break down the goofiest
parts of this diet knives out
why let me explain so this movie starts
jesse t
usher and camila mendes as a couple
super deep in debt katie's working as a
waitress at the beginning of the movie
when adam forgets he's not in the boys
and tries to be a superhero stopping a
robbery
four months later they realize being a
hero doesn't pay the bills we can start
chipping away at our debt i just need a
little bit more time
we don't have any more time adam katie
gets a job on the south side of chicago
as a caregiver to the very rich but very
lonely leonard did you get a raise
i said something to leonard about us
what do you mean
i told them we're broke the worst part
about cashing that seven thousand dollar
check though
is when the dude dies the next day
obviously you're gonna look a little
like a suspect when you've made yourself
comfy in the home and then scored a
gardening job for your husband to be
comfy in the home
only for you to get the house left in
your name for you to be comfy like
what's next
an art teacher and you worked here too
mr
kettner just a couple weeks i was doing
some yard work for leonard
sadly it was rizzoli who caught parasite
so it takes the detective a couple of
extra days to crack the case
but in between we get to see who this
couple really is
well maybe this check is for both of us
like he added an extra zero
bruh adam is greedier than eve when they
find the 92 000
in the attic government will take it why
should we let it get caught up in the
system like that when it can actually do
some real good
when they finally have money we can pay
off everything
credit cards loans you know we should go
right now both of us just go pick brand
new cars when leonard dies
let's just be here
cam gigonet plays the real estate agent
who's been watching them vigilantly
never backing down so when the husband
sneaks back in before getting the keys
he gets
bopped upside the head did we ever
figure out who hit you in the back
that was yeah i mean we we know it's the
audience but adam and katie i don't
think ever find out
honestly we're just blaming everybody
for everything after 40 minutes they
finally get the house and we finally get
the plot of the movie
adam randomly gets a prank call to
remind the audience about the robbery
from the beginning of the movie
where he and we learned that uh that
guy's dead so forget about it
so who called me they end up finding a
dead body in the shed when they move in
they even you know add it to the count
and kill her former employer because
adam has some trigger fingers but she's
from riverdale so this is on normal
falls down the stairs and
dies like he dies it turns out that the
lawyer who read them the will is
uh bat
she made a deal with a jewelry thief to
get like justice for herself i don't
know it's like the same lawyer trope
that they put in every movie where
these lawyers don't realize what they're
getting into after eight years of school
that kanchi hub just so happens to be
the not so real estate agents
mickey hayden who's looking for the
three million dollars in diamonds his
partner took
after getting shot and then dying in
leonard's attic so you know there's
there's that body right there
and while mickey sneaks around like a
mouse at night dude gets impatient and
goes full chris evans on the old man
even though katie would have seen it in
her logs the lawyer actually forged the
will
trying to fix the things that this guy
did but as long as she dies
mickey dies and that went at the husband
too then there really isn't anyone to
contest the will
that said i love how they try to pull up
prisoners at the end by having the
diamonds appear at the last second
even though the husband clearly said in
this garden i would have
i would have said look go to the tree
start digging and some diamonds right
there
i would have just laid it out even the
actors who had the script don't even
know like mendes is on record saying
that she doesn't think she's seen them
her character has seen them while usher
does and it just shows how goofy of an
ending that is because there's not
really any suspense when they're right
there she's gonna
i don't know how she hasn't seen him all
this time that she's been pregnant but
she's gonna see them next week
y'all even said in a way i'm like i i
feel like
i should because it's like where else is
this money gonna go you know if he has
no family don't
blame it is it gonna go to the
government no like it's gonna you know
it should go to me
so what's the more dilemma of her
knowing if everything's already hers
she already accepted the fake will so
why not the diamonds again it feels like
they took a bunch of different recipes
that they liked
stuck in the microwave on high it's kind
of sad because there is a skeleton of a
good story there
there's a decent punch line in there but
you know it's nothing without a good
delivery
it's like instead of ending inception on
the top for whatever reason
they wanted people to guess if the van
would hit the water
we've been asked this question a lot and
the more i get asked the more i start to
change my answer
thank you guys for checking out this
video i'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the
comment section because uh this is a
movie called dangerous lies more like a
dangerous there's a problem when the
movie gets uploaded to youtube is what
i'm saying
and they consider it a lifetime movie
pretty much these corporations as i was
getting to at the beginning i'm trying
to feed off fandoms you know just
repackaging those videos to seem
authentic but i've been telling you that
a lot of these things these videos are
really just
promos but uh i think in the age of
streaming as more people are moving to
online stuff
know that a lot of the advertising isn't
gonna start feeling like advertising but
it's going to feel like people
uh reviewing something for you just
putting that out there i've put it out
there in the past it's gonna continue to
be there
but i'm curious to know your thoughts
this isn't really a movie that needed
too much explaining just a bunch of
goofing around
uh let me know your thoughts down below
in the comment section i think we've
gotten a couple of good ones here's some
good recommendations when it comes to
netflix and here's some ones that i'm
looking forward to
uh you know i think a lot of people when
a movie like this comes out they judge
netflix by it but it's like no
you don't judge a movie theater for
showing one crappy movie it's all the
other stuff that they have so
i think that there's still a bunch of
good stuff on netflix but to get some
good stuff on netflix you get some
dangerous lies like this over here uh
but they can keep making these dangerous
lies and i'll keep telling the honest
truth because it's funny other than that
let me know your thoughts down below in
the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe
and remember he literally told us that
diamonds were in the garden in that
garden